site/speaking/speaking.md, before:

---
date: 2017-04-18T11:24:00+02:00
excerpt: "I’ve spoken at over 15 conferences on 4 contents about Web APIs, UX, and software engineering."
layout: page-back.hbs
title: Jeremiah Lee’s speaking engagements
updated: 2020-10-14T08:00:00+02:00
---

# Speaking

Over 15 conferences on four continents have invited me to speak about software engineering, product management, business strategy, and [developer experience](/developer-experience/) of Web APIs. I've done 20–40 minute talks, in-depth workshops, and keynotes.


## Want to have me talk at your event?

<a href="/contact/">Contact me</a>


## Previous engagements

- October 2020: [Future of Micropayments](https://futureofmicropayments.web.app/) — [3 wins Web Monetization needs to succeed in 2021](/posts/2020-11-future-of-micropayments/)
- September 2020: [Leading the Product](https://www.leadingtheproduct.com/), remote — [*Spotify’s Failed Squad Goals*](/posts/failed-squad-goals/video/)


- May 2018: WeAreDevelopers World Congress 2018 in Vienna, Austria — [JSON API: Your smart default](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)
- April 2018: API Conference London — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)
- January 2018: APIdays Paris — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)


- October 2017: Nordic APIs 2017 Platform Summit — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)


- November 2016: **API Strategy & Practice** — *keynote*, [Scaling Fitbit’s API strategy and practices](/posts/fitbit-api-strategy-and-practice/)
- July 2016: Node Summit — How Fitbit uses Node.js in production
- June 2016: API X (São Paulo) — *closing keynote*, [Scaling Fitbit’s API strategy and practices](/posts/fitbit-api-strategy-and-practice/)
- March 2016: SXSW Interactive — API mentorship sessions


- March 2015: SXSW Interactive — Distributed app architectures and revenue models


- October 2014: **Web Directions** Sydney
- April 2014: SF API Meetup – API design patterns beyond REST
- March 2014: **O’Reilly Fluent Conference** – [UX research methodologies for developers](https://vimeo.com/95298306)
- March 2014: SXSW Interactive – API design patterns beyond REST
- February 2014: Developer Week San Francisco – "Designing experiences for developers" presentation and [panel](https://www.programmableweb.com/news/panel-urges-api-providers-to-prioritize-their-developer-experiences/2014/03/05 "Panel Urges API Providers To Prioritize Their 'Developer Experiences'")


- October 2013: API Strategy & Practice Conference – API integrations with Node.js workshop
- June 2013: APIdays SF – API design panel moderator
- May 2013: APIdays Medeterranea – Developer Experience practice and theory
- March 2013: **SXSW Interactive** – 3 hour Developer Experience workshop (one of the highest rated workshops by attendee reviews!)

Commit message:

Add IT Workplace of Tomorrow engagement

site/speaking/speaking.md, after:

---
date: 2017-04-18T11:24:00+02:00
excerpt: "I’ve spoken at over 15 conferences on 4 contents about Web APIs, UX, and software engineering."
layout: page-back.hbs
title: Jeremiah Lee’s speaking engagements
updated: 2021-09-09T17:45:00+02:00
---

# Speaking

Over 20 conferences on four continents have invited me to speak about software engineering, product management, business strategy, and [developer experience](/developer-experience/) of Web APIs. I've done 20–40 minute talks, in-depth workshops, and keynotes.


## Want to have me talk at your event?

<a href="/contact/">Contact me</a>

## Upcoming events

- October 26–27, 2021: [IT Workplace of Tomorrow](https://itworkplace.letsmanageit.pl/) - RAW: Remote Async Work

## Previous engagements

- October 2020: [Future of Micropayments](https://futureofmicropayments.web.app/) — [3 wins Web Monetization needs to succeed in 2021](/posts/2020-11-future-of-micropayments/)
- September 2020: [Leading the Product](https://www.leadingtheproduct.com/), remote — [*Spotify’s Failed Squad Goals*](/posts/failed-squad-goals/video/)


- May 2018: WeAreDevelopers World Congress 2018 in Vienna, Austria — [JSON API: Your smart default](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)
- April 2018: API Conference London — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)
- January 2018: APIdays Paris — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)


- October 2017: Nordic APIs 2017 Platform Summit — [Pragmatic design with JSON API](/posts/json-api-your-smart-default/)


- November 2016: **API Strategy & Practice** — *keynote*, [Scaling Fitbit’s API strategy and practices](/posts/fitbit-api-strategy-and-practice/)
- July 2016: Node Summit — How Fitbit uses Node.js in production
- June 2016: API X (São Paulo) — *closing keynote*, [Scaling Fitbit’s API strategy and practices](/posts/fitbit-api-strategy-and-practice/)
- March 2016: SXSW Interactive — API mentorship sessions


- March 2015: SXSW Interactive — Distributed app architectures and revenue models


- October 2014: **Web Directions** Sydney
- April 2014: SF API Meetup – API design patterns beyond REST
- March 2014: **O’Reilly Fluent Conference** – [UX research methodologies for developers](https://vimeo.com/95298306)
- March 2014: SXSW Interactive – API design patterns beyond REST
- February 2014: Developer Week San Francisco – "Designing experiences for developers" presentation and [panel](https://www.programmableweb.com/news/panel-urges-api-providers-to-prioritize-their-developer-experiences/2014/03/05 "Panel Urges API Providers To Prioritize Their 'Developer Experiences'")


- October 2013: API Strategy & Practice Conference – API integrations with Node.js workshop
- June 2013: APIdays SF – API design panel moderator
- May 2013: APIdays Medeterranea – Developer Experience practice and theory
- March 2013: **SXSW Interactive** – 3 hour Developer Experience workshop (one of the highest rated workshops by attendee reviews!)
