---
date: 2019-02-12T10:00:00+01:00
excerpt: "What I’m currently up to. Last updated February 12, 2019."
title: What I’m Up To Now
---

### Since my last update...

- Arthur and I spent Christmas in Texas with his family. Our nephew seemed to remember us for the first time. We had seen him last when he visited us in Stockholm for Thanksgiving.
- We celebrated New Year's Eve surrounded by fabulous queers from all over the world at a house party in Stockholm.
- We spent a lovely weekend in København, Danmark exploring art museums, drinking coffee better than the shit served in Stockholm, and sharing our latest reflections on the world with [The Sherwins](https://www.askthesherwins.com/).
- We went to Yasiragi, a Japanese-Swedish spa, for my birthday. The spa was great. The room and the food were not.
- I joined my friends Beth and Jon in Firenze, Italia for a long weekend. We saw all of the Davids, discovered a new favorite wine (Le Calendre, Amarone Valpolicella DOC, 2013), and ate the best pappa al pomodoro and ribollita.
- I finished listening to Michelle Obama's book "Becoming". Definitely get the audiobook. She and Barack are the American Dream. I miss having a family like them in the White House. I am going to see her in Stockholm in April!

### 2019 goals

- Lift 4–5× a week (I did in 2018!)
- Learn Swedish
- Complete 12 side projects in 12 months ([Tab Tosser](/posts/introducing-tab-tosser/) was my first for January)
- Read 12 books (and read less news)

### Up next

- Reading "Our Revolution" by Bernie Sanders
- Working on another Firefox extension for February's side project
- Traveling to Durango, CO for a wedding and Pheonix, AZ for work

<hr />

<p><small>Thanks to <a href="https://taylordavidson.com/now">Taylor Davidson</a> for the <a href="http://nownownow.com/about">/now page</a> tip.</small></p>
